
 show dbs\
\
1. > use my_first_db\
\
2. > db.createCollection('students')\
\
3,4. > db.students.insert(\{name:'Dorian Gibson', home_state:'MD', lucky_number:75, birthday:\{month:02, day:8, year: 1995\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Priscilla Martinez', home_state:'TX', lucky_number:13, birthday:\{month:03, day:15, year: 1982\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'John Molinar', home_state:'TX', lucky_number:3, birthday:\{month:12, day:25, year: 1981\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Hailey Gibson', home_state:'CA', lucky_number:6, birthday:\{month:11, day:12, year: 1991\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Wes Lear', home_state:'SC', lucky_number:01, birthday:\{month:07, day:19, year: 1994\}\})\
\
5. > db.students.find().pretty()\
\
6. > db.students.find(\{home_state:'CA'\})\
\
7. > db.students.find(\{lucky_number:\{$gt:3\}\})\
\
	> db.students.find(\{lucky_number:\{$lte:75\}\})\
\
	> db.students.find(\{lucky_number:\{$gte:1, $lte:9\}\})\
\
8. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$push: \{interests: ['brunch', 'MongoDB']\}\})\
\
9. > db.students.update(\{_id: ObjectId('5b44d5f79fe6550fcc7b97d6')\}, \{$push: \{interests: ['sports']\}\})\
\
10. > db.students.update(\{name:'Dorian Gibson')\}, \{$push: \{interests: 'taxes'\}\})\
\
11. > db.students.update(\{name:'Dorian Gibson'\}, \{$pop: \{interests: -1\}\})\
\
12. > db.students.remove(\{home_state:'CA'\})\
\
13. > db.students.remove(\{name:'Priscilla Martinez'\})\
\
14. > db.students.deleteOne(\{lucky_number:\{$gt: 5\}\})\
\
15. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$set: \{number_of_belts: 0\}\})\
\
16. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$inc: \{number_of_belts: 1\}\})\
\
17. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$rename: \{number_of_belts: 'belts_earned'\}\})\
\
18. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$unset: \{belts_earned: ''\}\})\
\
19. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$currentDate: \{updated_on:true\}\})\
\
}